Answer question using following context.
Question: Where in England was Dame Judi Dench born? Create a big story about it.
Context:
"England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . \n \n The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , one of the Germanic tribes who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries . England became a unified state in the 10th century , and since the Age of Discovery , which began during the 15th century , has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world . The English language , the Anglican Church , and English law – the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world – developed in England , and the country 's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations . The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England , transforming its society into the world 's first industrialised nation . \n \n England 's terrain mostly comprises low hills and plains , especially in central and southern England . However , there are uplands in the north ( for example , the mountainous Lake District , Pennines , and Yorkshire Dales ) and in the south west ( for example , Dartmoor and the Cotswolds ) . The capital is London , which is the largest metropolitan area in both the United Kingdom and the European Union.According to the European Statistical Agency , London is the largest Larger Urban Zone in the EU , a measure of metropolitan area which comprises a city 's urban core as well as its surrounding commuting zone . London 's municipal population is also the largest in the EU . England 's population of over 53 million comprises 84 % of the population of the United Kingdom , largely concentrated around London , the South East , and conurbations in the Midlands , the North West , the North East , and Yorkshire , which each developed as major industrial regions during the 19th century . [ http : //www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_270487.pdf 2011 Census – Population and household estimates for England and Wales , March 2011 ] . Accessed 31 May 2013 . \n \n The Kingdom of England—which after 1535 included Wales—ceased being a separate sovereign state on 1 May 1707 , when the Acts of Union put into effect the terms agreed in the Treaty of Union the previous year , resulting in a political union with the Kingdom of Scotland to create the Kingdom of Great Britain . In 1801 , Great Britain was united with the Kingdom of Ireland through another Act of Union to become the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . In 1922 the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom , leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . \n \n Toponymy \n \n The name `` England '' is derived from the Old English name Englaland , which means `` land of the Angles '' . The Angles were one of the Germanic tribes that settled in Great Britain during the Early Middle Ages . The Angles came from the Angeln peninsula in the Bay of Kiel area of the Baltic Sea . The earliest recorded use of the term , as `` Engla londe '' , is in the late ninth century translation into Old English of Bede 's Ecclesiastical History of the English People . The term was then used in a different sense to the modern one , meaning `` the land inhabited by the English '' , and it included English people in what is now south-east Scotland but was then part of the English kingdom of Northumbria . The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle recorded that the Domesday Book of 1086 covered the whole of England , meaning the English kingdom , but a few years later the Chronicle stated that King Malcolm III went `` out of Scotlande into Lothian in Englaland '' , thus using it in the more ancient sense . According to the Oxford English Dictionary , its modern spelling was first used in 1538 . \n \n The earliest attested reference to the Angles occurs in the 1st-century."