Answer question using following context.
Question: Where in England was Dame Judi Dench born? Create a big story about it.
Context:
"England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west . The Irish Sea lies northwest of England and the Celtic Sea lies to the southwest . England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south . The country covers much of the central and southern part of the island of Great Britain , which lies in the North Atlantic ; and includes over 100 smaller islands such as the Isles of Scilly , and the Isle of Wight . \n \n The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , one of the Germanic tribes who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries . England became a unified state in the 10th century , and since the Age of Discovery , which began during the 15th century , has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world . The English language , the Anglican Church , and English law – the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world – developed in England , and the country 's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations . The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England , transforming its society into the world 's first industrialised nation . \n \n England 's terrain mostly comprises low hills and plains , especially in central and southern England . However , there are uplands in the north ( for example , the mountainous Lake District , Pennines , and Yorkshire Dales ) and in the south west ( for example , Dartmoor and the Cotswolds ) . The capital is London , which is the largest metropolitan area in both the United Kingdom and the European Union.According to the European Statistical Agency , London is the largest Larger Urban Zone in the EU , a measure of metropolitan area which comprises a city 's urban core as well as its surrounding commuting zone . London 's municipal population is also the largest in the EU . England 's population of over 53 million comprises 84 % of the population of the United Kingdom , largely concentrated around London , the South East , and conurbations in the Midlands , the North West , the North East , and Yorkshire , which each developed as major industrial regions during the 19th century . [ http : //www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_270487.pdf 2011 Census – Population and household estimates for England and Wales , March 2011 ] . Accessed 31 May 2013 . \n \n The Kingdom of England—which after 1535 included Wales—ceased being a separate sovereign state on 1 May 1707 , when the Acts of Union put into effect the terms agreed in the Treaty of Union the previous year , resulting in a political union with the Kingdom of Scotland to create the Kingdom of Great Britain . In 1801 , Great Britain was united with the Kingdom of Ireland through another Act of Union to become the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . In 1922 the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom , leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . \n \n Toponymy \n \n The name `` England '' is derived from the Old English name Englaland , which means `` land of the Angles '' . The Angles were one of the Germanic tribes that settled in Great Britain during the Early Middle Ages . The Angles came from the Angeln peninsula in the Bay of Kiel area of the Baltic Sea . The earliest recorded use of the term , as `` Engla londe '' , is in the late ninth century translation into Old English of Bede 's Ecclesiastical History of the English People . The term was then used in a different sense to the modern one , meaning `` the land inhabited by the English '' , and it included English people in what is now south-east Scotland but was then part of the English kingdom of Northumbria . The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle recorded that the Domesday Book of 1086 covered the whole of England , meaning the English kingdom , but a few years later the Chronicle stated that King Malcolm III went `` out of Scotlande into Lothian in Englaland '' , thus using it in the more ancient sense . According to the Oxford English Dictionary , its modern spelling was first used in 1538 . \n \n The earliest attested reference to the Angles occurs in the 1st-century."
"Dame Judith Olivia `` Judi '' Dench , ( born 9 December 1934 ) is an English actress and author . Dench made her professional debut in 1957 with the Old Vic Company . Over the following few years she performed in several of Shakespeare 's plays in such roles as Ophelia in Hamlet , Juliet in Romeo and Juliet and Lady Macbeth in Macbeth . Although most of her work during this period was in theatre , she also branched into film work , and won a BAFTA Award as Most Promising Newcomer . She drew strong reviews for her leading role in the musical Cabaret in 1968 . \n \n Over the next two decades , Dench established herself as one of the most significant British theatre performers , working for the National Theatre Company and the Royal Shakespeare Company . She achieved success in television during this period , in the series A Fine Romance from 1981 until 1984 , and in 1992 with a starring role in the romantic comedy series As Time Goes By . Her film appearances were infrequent and included supporting roles in major films such as A Room with a View ( 1986 ) supporting Maggie Smith , before she rose to international fame as M in GoldenEye ( 1995 ) , a role she continued to play in James Bond films until Spectre ( 2015 ) . She received her first Oscar nomination for Best Actress for her role as Queen Victoria in Mrs Brown ( 1997 ) and the following year won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Shakespeare in Love . A seven-time Oscar nominee , she has also received nominations for her roles in Chocolat ( 2000 ) , Iris ( 2001 ) , Mrs Henderson Presents ( 2005 ) , Notes on a Scandal ( 2006 ) , and Philomena ( 2013 ) . \n \n Dench has received many award nominations for her acting in theatre , film and television ; her competitive awards include six British Academy Film Awards , four BAFTA TV Awards , seven Olivier Awards , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , two Golden Globes , an Academy Award , and a Tony Award . She has also received the BAFTA Fellowship ( 2001 ) and the Special Olivier Award ( 2004 ) . In June 2011 , she received a fellowship from the British Film Institute ( BFI ) . Dench is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts ( FRSA ) . \n \n Early life \n \n Dench was born in Heworth , North Riding of Yorkshire . Her mother , Eleanora Olive ( née Jones ) , was born in Dublin . Her father , Reginald Arthur Dench , a doctor , was born in Dorset , and later moved to Dublin , where he was raised . He met Dench 's mother while he was studying medicine at Trinity College , Dublin . \n \n Dench attended The Mount School , a Quaker independent secondary school in York , and became a Quaker . Her brothers , one of whom was actor Jeffery Dench , were born in Tyldesley , Lancashire . Her niece , Emma Dench , is a Roman historian and professor previously at Birkbeck , University of London , and currently at Harvard University . \n \n Career \n \n In Britain , Dench has developed a reputation as one of the greatest actresses of the post-war period , primarily through her work in theatre , which has been her forte throughout her career . She has more than once been named number one in polls for Britain 's best actor . \n \n Early years \n \n Through her parents , Dench had regular contact with the theatre . Her father , a physician , was also the GP for the York theatre , and her mother was its wardrobe mistress . Actors often stayed in the Dench household . During these years , Judi Dench was involved on a non-professional basis in the first three productions of the modern revival of the York Mystery Plays in the 1950s . In 1957 , in one of the last productions in which she appeared during this period , she played the role of the Virgin Mary , performed on a fixed stage in the Museum Gardens . Though she initially trained as a set designer , she became interested in drama school as her brother Jeff attended the Central School of Speech and Drama . She applied and was accepted , where she was a classmate of Vanessa Redgrave , graduating with a first class degree in drama and four acting prizes , one being the Gold Medal as Outstanding",
"A nation state is a type of state that conjoins the political entity of a state to the cultural entity of a nation , from which it aims to derive its political legitimacy to rule and potentially its status as a sovereign state if one accepts the declarative theory of statehood as opposed to the constitutive theory.Such a definition is a working one : `` All attempts to develop terminological consensus around `` nation '' resulted in failure '' , concludes . Walker Connor , in [ ] discusses the impressions surrounding the characters of `` nation '' , `` ( sovereign ) state '' , `` nation state '' , and `` nationalism '' . Connor , who gave the term `` ethnonationalism '' wide currency , also discusses the tendency to confuse nation and state and the treatment of all states as if nation states . In Globalization and Belonging , Sheila L. Crouche discusses `` The Definitional Dilemma '' ( pp . 85ff ) . \n A state is specifically a political and geopolitical entity , whilst a nation is a cultural and ethnic one . The term `` nation state '' implies that the two coincide , in that a state has chosen to adopt and endorse a specific cultural group as associated with it . `` Nation state '' formation can take place at different times in different parts of the world . \n \n The concept of a nation state can be compared and contrasted with that of the multinational state , city state , empire , confederation , and other state formations with which it may overlap . The key distinction is the identification of a people with a polity in the `` nation state . '' \n \n History and origins \n \n The origins and early history of nation states are disputed . A major theoretical question is : `` Which came first , the nation or the nation state ? '' Scholars such as Steven Weber , David Woodward , and Jeremy Black have advanced the hypothesis that the nation state did n't arise out of political ingenuity or an unknown undetermined source , nor was it an accident of history or political invention ; but is an inadvertent byproduct of 15th-century intellectual discoveries in political economy , capitalism , mercantilism , political geography , and geography combined together with cartography and advances in map-making technologies . It was with these intellectual discoveries and technological advances that the nation state arose . For others , the nation existed first , then nationalist movements arose for sovereignty , and the nation state was created to meet that demand . Some `` modernization theories '' of nationalism see it as a product of government policies to unify and modernize an already existing state . Most theories see the nation state as a 19th-century European phenomenon , facilitated by developments such as state-mandated education , mass literacy and mass media . However , historians also note the early emergence of a relatively unified state and identity in Portugal and the Dutch Republic . \n \n In France , Eric Hobsbawm argues , the French state preceded the formation of the French people . Hobsbawm considers that the state made the French nation , not French nationalism , which emerged at the end of the 19th century , the time of the Dreyfus Affair . At the time of the 1789 French Revolution , only half of the French people spoke some French , and 12-13 % spoke it `` fairly '' , according to Hobsbawm . \n \n During the Italian unification , the number of people speaking the Italian language was even lower . The French state promoted the unification of various dialects and languages into the French language . The introduction of conscription and the Third Republic 's 1880s laws on public instruction , facilitated the creation of a national identity , under this theory . \n \n Some nation states , such as Germany or Italy , came into existence at least partly as a result of political campaigns by nationalists , during the 19th century . In both cases , the territory was previously divided among other states , some of them very small . The sense of common identity was at first a cultural movement , such as in the Völkisch movement in German-speaking states , which rapidly acquired a political significance . In these cases , the nationalist sentiment and the nationalist movement clearly precede the unification of the German and Italian nation states . \n \n Historians Hans Kohn , Liah Greenfeld , Philip White and others have classified nations such as Germany or Italy , where cultural unification preceded state unification , as ethnic nations",
"Angola , officially the Republic of Angola ( ; Kikongo , Kimbundu and Umbundu : Repubilika ya Ngola ) , is a country in Southern Africa . It is the seventh-largest country in Africa , and is bordered by Namibia to the south , the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north and east , Zambia to the east , and the Atlantic Ocean to west . The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The capital and largest city of Angola is Luanda . \n \n Although its territory has been inhabited since the Paleolithic Era , modern Angola originates in Portuguese colonization , which began with , and was for centuries limited to , coastal settlements and trading posts established beginning in the 16th century . In the 19th century , European settlers slowly and hesitantly began to establish themselves in the interior . As a Portuguese colony , Angola did not encompass its present borders until the early 20th century , following resistance by groups such as the Cuamato , the Kwanyama and the Mbunda . Independence was achieved in 1975 after the protracted liberation war . That same year , Angola descended into an intense civil war that lasted until 2002 . It has since become a relatively stable unitary presidential republic . \n \n Angola has vast mineral and petroleum reserves , and its economy is among the fastest growing in the world , especially since the end of the civil war . In spite of this , the standard of living remains low for the majority of the population , and life expectancy and infant mortality rates in Angola are among the worst in the world . Angola 's economic growth is highly uneven , with the majority of the nation 's wealth concentrated in a disproportionately small sector of the population . \n \n Angola is a member state of the United Nations , OPEC , African Union , the Community of Portuguese Language Countries , the Latin Union and the Southern African Development Community . A highly multiethnic country , Angola 's 24.3 million people span various tribal groups , customs , and traditions . Angolan culture reflects centuries of Portuguese rule , namely in the predominance of the Portuguese language and Roman Catholicism , combined with diverse indigenous influences . \n \n Etymology \n \n The name Angola comes from the Portuguese colonial name Reino de Angola ( Kingdom of Angola ) , appearing as early as Dias de Novais 's 1571 charter . The toponym was derived by the Portuguese from the title ngola held by the kings of Ndongo . Ndongo was a kingdom in the highlands , between the Kwanza and Lukala Rivers , nominally tributary to the king of Kongo but which was seeking greater independence during the 16th century . \n \n History \n \n Early migrations and political units \n \n Khoi and San hunter-gatherers are the earliest known modern human inhabitants of the area . They were largely absorbed or replaced by Bantu peoples during the Bantu migrations , though small numbers remain in parts of southern Angola to the present day . The Bantu came from the north , probably from somewhere near the present-day Republic of Cameroon . \n \n During this time , the Bantu established a number of political units ( `` kingdoms '' , `` empires '' ) in most parts of what today is Angola . The best known of these is the Kingdom of the Kongo that had its centre in the northwest of contemporary Angola , but included important regions in the west of present-day Democratic Republic and Republic of Congo and in southern Gabon ."